Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/sendMessage.md

## Usage
```
$sendMessage[text;(returnMessageID)]
```

### Parameters 
- `text` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The text to send in the new message.

> - `returnMessageID` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : Whether to return the ID of the newly created message, in another message, default is `no`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `text` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The text to send in the new message.
- `returnMessageID` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether to return the ID of the newly created message, in another message. Defaults to `no`.
```
